Simplify ordinal abbreviation example... (#1970)
gohugoio/hugoDocs: content/en/functions/format.md

Spelled-out cardinal numbers (e.g. "one", "two", and "three") are not currently supported.

> Ordinal abbreviations (i.e., with shorted suffixes like "1st", "2nd", and "3rd") are not currently directly supported. By using `{{.Date.Format "Jan 2nd 2006"}}`, Hugo assumes you want to append `nd` as a string to the day of the month. However, you can use the `humanize` function to create something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [`humanize`](/functions/humanize) function to render the day of the month as an ordinal number:
```

Author: Yeah, I thought later about adding a link. Do you think we need a sentence stating you can't use ordinals in layout strings, or is it unnecessary?

```suggestion
Ordinal abbreviations cannot be used directly; using `{{.Date.Format "Jan 2nd 2006"}}`, will append `nd` as a string to the day of the month. However, you can use the [`humanize`](/functions/humanize) function to render the day of the month as an ordinal number:
```

Reviewer: > or is it unnecessary?

Unless users (plural) repeatedly make the same mistake, the documentation should describe what you must/should/can do. Because the list of what you must/should/can _not_ do is long.

Author: True, I'll add your change
